README.md, before:

# Tic-Tac-Toe-with-Q-Learning
Training an agent to learn play Tic-Tac-Toe using Q-Learning

<p align="center">
<img src='/images/terminal_states_250x250.gif' width='350' alt='Losing is just not an option for the Tic-Tac-Toe master'>
</p>

## Requirements
* torch     -'1.5.0+cu101'         
* numpy     -1.19.0
* matplotlib-3.1.1  
* tqdm 

## How to Train the QLearning Agents
```
python main.py
```
This results in 2 QTables namely <b>QLearningAgent_0_QTable</b> and <b>QLearningAgent_X_QTable</b> being saved in the root directory.

## How to run Tensorboard for Visualization
```
tensorboard --logdir <summary_directory_path>
```
or
```
tensorboard --logdir summary
```
because we <b>"summary"</b> set as the summary_directory_path in <b>config.py</b>

## How to Play TicTocToe Against a QLearning Agent
```
python play.py
```
This essentially uses the QTables which were saved as a result of running <b>main.py</b>
<br>
But you do not necessarily need to run <b>main.py</b> for playing the game against the QLearningAgent because I have already put the QTables in this repository.

## Result

Reward plots for both the QLearningAgents over the course of 100,000 episodes.

<p align="center">
<img src='/images/rewards.PNG'  alt='Losing is just not an option for the Tic-Tac-Toe master'>
</p>

Commit message:

tensorboard port number info added

README.md, after:

# Tic-Tac-Toe-with-Q-Learning
Training an agent to learn play Tic-Tac-Toe using Q-Learning

<p align="center">
<img src='/images/terminal_states_250x250.gif' width='350' alt='Losing is just not an option for the Tic-Tac-Toe master'>
</p>

## Requirements
* torch     -'1.5.0+cu101'         
* numpy     -1.19.0
* matplotlib-3.1.1  
* tqdm 

## How to Train the QLearning Agents
```
python main.py
```
This results in 2 QTables namely <b>QLearningAgent_0_QTable</b> and <b>QLearningAgent_X_QTable</b> being saved in the root directory.

## How to run Tensorboard for Visualization
```
tensorboard --logdir <summary_directory_path> --port=<port_number>
```
or
```
tensorboard --logdir summary
```
because we have set the summary_directory_path as <b>"summary"</b> in <b>config.py</b>
<br>
<b>NOTE: The default port for tensorboard is 6006</b>

## How to Play TicTocToe Against a QLearning Agent
```
python play.py
```
This essentially uses the QTables which were saved as a result of running <b>main.py</b>
<br>
But you do not necessarily need to run <b>main.py</b> for playing the game against the QLearningAgent because I have already put the QTables in this repository.

## Result

Reward plots for both the QLearningAgents over the course of 100,000 episodes.

<p align="center">
<img src='/images/rewards.PNG'  alt='Losing is just not an option for the Tic-Tac-Toe master'>
</p>
